ah BRR new chin absolutely awful Easter
today and is solely down to my sister
and her persecution of me huh vegan
agenda all right well tell her house for
the roast in there today because it's
Easter Day and I'm fed up of having
people here and mediately with through
the door she's pushing a vegan agenda
I've taken to Outlook I bought myself a
little cuddle and I'm not having a body
not roast as my roasting but the Easter
Sunday and that she's immediately she's
got the ass on about this she's got
mental about it about how I shouldn't be
bringing meat into a house and stuff
once you become vegan you start to
really feel for animals in a way that
you probably didn't in the past and as
those muscles of empathy grow it becomes
harder and harder to sustain watching
people consume animals some people avoid
social situations where they know
they'll have to see people eating
animals and some people go so far as to
tell their friends that they will not go
out to eat if their other friends are
gonna be consuming animal products how I
shouldn't be bringing meat into a house
and stuff you bring vegan food into my
ability housing cook it here when I'm
making dinner don't ya and she said no
no it's an absolutely it's a different
matter and so if my vegan food is not
offensive but you kidding me that seems
a homeless which is basically
vegetarians not believe smeared all over
bowls and stuff your food looks like
taxi you know since we decided to become
vegan we haven't had animal products in
our home with one exception my husband
actually when we start buying meat and
things like that my husband actually
came back from a dinner that we had out
one night and he brought home leftovers
gosh it was probably a month or so after
I decided to go vegan but I wasn't fully
vegan yet I and my husband brought home
these leftovers and it was a steak and
he put them on the oven and he started
to cook them and he said you know he
felt so guilty and he told me right
afterwards that he felt horrible about
it the idea of bringing violence into
our home he found it upsetting because
he felt like our home was a place that
was free from violence
anyway I'm saying how is he's gonna
affect you in any way shape or form and
she's ravaging all that house you
one that pans in stock I've already
thought that she was going to kick off
about it I've even bought a roasting pan
down I'll get out my bag and I'll show
it to her and she's thinking for about
five minutes so I'm fleeing the way out
of it and she's like no I'm sorry I'm
just not comfortable I just can't be
implicated in murder like this you know
if we have people over or anything we'll
let them know that we don't that our
home that we have a compassionate home
and in this home we don't have violence
of any kind and we ask that people not
bring dead animals with them showed it
to us
it's a premeditated unlawful killing of
another person murder is murder meat is
meat ridiculous not implicating you just
let me make my choices you know bloody
vegans all about their personal choice
and we have to really make way for them
when they come round about do you know
really not juice in the fridge and all
that kind of stuff they cook their
vegetarian food but they're not willing
to allow me that same choice because
there's a vegan one of the hardest
things is the stress of constantly
seeing the carnism around us like people
just eating animals left right and
centre and you face that in your
everyday life so much you want a place
where you can feel is a sanctuary from
that sort of thing the bloody miserable
Easter lunch italia mouthful of mush
nuts but bloody Braavos it's ridiculous
it can severely affect your social life
your work life it can even also affect
your livelihood if it starts to affect
the events that you're able to attend
absolute nightmare today East Arnhem
just out Jesus fell a bonus yen for me
easy to be self-righteous easy to say
shut it all down snatch all the gauges
settle the animals free that's put the
whole reason why my youtube channel
exists is that I'm not really interested
in these the answers to help get a
question i'm the dressed in general the
murky complicated you know moral gray
areas the new yen